Overhaul/bielefeld specific (#163)
deNBI/cloud-user-docs: wiki/Compute_Center/Bielefeld.md

## Images
We provide some preconfigured cloud images on top of the Ubuntu LTS (16.04, 18.04 and 20.04) and Debian (9). These images run without any further modifications on other cloud sites as well and come with a script `/usr/local/bin/de.NBI_Bielefeld_environment.sh` that adapt a running instance to the cloud site Bielefeld:

- set proxy for environment, apt and docker if necessary
- make use of apt-mirror

### Ubuntu apt mirror
We run an apt mirror for Ubuntu LTS releases (16.04, 18.04 and 20.04) to speed up package download. The mirror is available from Bielefeld cloud site from the external (http[s]://apt-cache.bi.denbi.de:9999 or http://129.70.51.2:9999) and cebitec (http://172.21.40.2:9999) network.

> This mirror synced every midnight with the official Canonical repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This mirror is synced every midnight with the official Canonical repositories.
```

## Object storage
The storage backend used by Bielefeld cloud site is powered by [Ceph](https://www.ceph.com). The Object storage endpoint provides API access via SWIFT and S3. The latter should be preferred due to better performance.

> You can find a tutorial [here](../Tutorials/ObjectStorage/index.md) on how to use this service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is also a [tutorial](../Tutorials/ObjectStorage/index.md) available regarding this topic.
```

Now you can use the openstack commandline tools.

## DNS as a Service

Attaching a floating ip to an instance automatically creates an A record in our public nameserver.

> The A record will be generated by the following scheme:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The A record will be generated according to the following scheme:
```

`<INSTANCE_NAME>.<PROJECT_NAME>.projects.bi.denbi.de`

> Therefore, you can reach you instance (via SSH) not only by the numeric floating ip, but also by name. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, you can reach you instance (via SSH) not only by the numeric floating IP, but also by name. 
```

> Detaching the floating ip will also delete the A record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detaching the floating IP will also delete the A record.
```
